COVID19_Mortality_Castiglione/README.md, before:

COVID-19 mortality model by Filippo Castiglione et. al. 
========================================================

This project implements a mortality model based on this work:
Filippo Castiglione, Debashrito Deb, Anurag P. Srivastava, Pietro Liò, Arcangelo Liso
bioRxiv 2020.12.20.423670; doi: [10.1101/2020.12.20.423670](https://doi.org/10.1101/2020.12.20.423670)

Additional discussions regarding the mortality model are available in theFollowing mailing lists:
* [Integration subgroup of the multiscale modeling and viral pandemics working group](https://lists.simtk.org/pipermail/vp-integration-subgroup/2020-December/subject.html)
* [Comorbidities subgroup of the multiscale modeling and viral pandemics working group](https://lists.simtk.org/pipermail/vpcomorbidities-subgroup/2020-December/subject.html)

The code is contains the function mortality_prob that can be imported to a python program. 
If executed as a program will generate an interactive plot.


USAGE:
------
* Use `python COVID19_Mortality_Castiglione.py` to generate plot
* Use `import COVID19_Mortality_Castiglione` from within another python program

To view the interactive visualization generated by running this code:
* Download COVID19_Mortality_Castiglione.html
* Open the file with a modern web browser


DEPENDENCIES:
-------------
For plotting, the following libraries are used: panel, bokeh, holoviews


FILES:
------
* COVID19_Mortality_Castiglione.py : Code that generates the function.
* COVID19_Mortality_Castiglione.html : The output plot interactively showing the function


DEVELOPER CONTACT INFO:
-----------------------

Please pass questions about the mortality function to:

Filippo Castiglione

filippo.castiglione@gmail.com


Please pass questions about the python code to:

Jacob Barhak Ph.D.

jacob.barhak@gmail.com

http://sites.google.com/site/jacobbarhak/



ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS:
-----------------
Special thanks to:
* Debashrito Deb 
* Anurag P. Srivastava
* Pietro Liò
* Arcangelo Liso
* The [multiscale modeling and viral pandemics working group](https://www.imagwiki.nibib.nih.gov/working-groups/multiscale-modeling-and-viral-pandemics


LICENSE
-------
This work is available under MIT license

Copyright 2020 Filippo Castiglione

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Changed License to CC0
After permission from Filippo Castiglione the license was changed to CC0 .  The CC0 logo and link to the license were added.

COVID19_Mortality_Castiglione/README.md, after:

COVID-19 mortality model by Filippo Castiglione et. al. 
========================================================

This project implements a mortality model based on this work:
Filippo Castiglione, Debashrito Deb, Anurag P. Srivastava, Pietro Liò, Arcangelo Liso
bioRxiv 2020.12.20.423670; doi: [10.1101/2020.12.20.423670](https://doi.org/10.1101/2020.12.20.423670)

Additional discussions regarding the mortality model are available in theFollowing mailing lists:
* [Integration subgroup of the multiscale modeling and viral pandemics working group](https://lists.simtk.org/pipermail/vp-integration-subgroup/2020-December/subject.html)
* [Comorbidities subgroup of the multiscale modeling and viral pandemics working group](https://lists.simtk.org/pipermail/vpcomorbidities-subgroup/2020-December/subject.html)



The code is contains the function mortality_prob that can be imported to a python program. 
If executed as a program will generate an interactive plot.


USAGE:
------
* Use `python COVID19_Mortality_Castiglione.py` to generate plot
* Use `import COVID19_Mortality_Castiglione` from within another python program

To view the interactive visualization generated by running this code:
* Download COVID19_Mortality_Castiglione.html
* Open the file with a modern web browser


DEPENDENCIES:
-------------
For plotting, the following libraries are used: panel, bokeh, holoviews


FILES:
------
* COVID19_Mortality_Castiglione.py : Code that generates the function.
* COVID19_Mortality_Castiglione.html : The output plot interactively showing the function


DEVELOPER CONTACT INFO:
-----------------------

Please pass questions about the mortality function to:

Filippo Castiglione

filippo.castiglione@gmail.com


Please pass questions about the python code to:

Jacob Barhak Ph.D.

jacob.barhak@gmail.com

http://sites.google.com/site/jacobbarhak/



ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS:
-----------------
Special thanks to:
* Debashrito Deb 
* Anurag P. Srivastava
* Pietro Liò
* Arcangelo Liso
* The [multiscale modeling and viral pandemics working group](https://www.imagwiki.nibib.nih.gov/working-groups/multiscale-modeling-and-viral-pandemics


LICENSE
-------
<a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/"> <img src="https://licensebuttons.net/p/zero/1.0/88x31.png" style="border-style: none;" alt="CC0" />  </a>

To the extent possible under law, Jacob Barhak has waived all copyright and 
related or neighboring rights to COVID-19 mortality model by Filippo Castiglione et. al. 
This work is published from: United States.

Permission to release under CC0 was given publicly by Filippo Castiglione in these links:
[1](https://lists.simtk.org/pipermail/vpcomorbidities-subgroup/2021-January/000010.html)
[2](https://lists.simtk.org/pipermail/vp-integration-subgroup/2021-January/000010.html)
